# Rendezvous

## Specification
Rendezvous is an on-line dating system that allows customers to use the web to browse/search the contents of database (at least that part we want the customer to see) and to meet people they would be interested in dating. In particular, website allows users to browse other user profiles and to contact those users they are interested in dating to see if the interest is mutual. It also allows a user to broadcast his/her current geo-location to see if there is another user in the area interested in meeting for e.g. a cup of coffee.

Additionally, Rendezvous allows a user to "like" (as in facebook) another user's profile, and to alert two users if they like each other's profiles. If you have downloaded the tinder app, you will see that it provides a similar feature. Moreover, your system should support a Rate a Date feature that allows a user to rate a date he/she had with another user, and to make date ratings available for other users to see. Finally, Rendezvous supports Referrals, where one user (User A) refers another user (User B) to a third user (User C), so that User C can go on a "blind date" with User B.

## Customer-Level Transactions
1. Make a date with another customer profile
2. Make a geo-date with another customer profile
3. Cancel a date
4. Comment on a date he/she went on or is going on
5. Like another customer's profile
6. Refer a Profile B to Profile C so that Profile C can go on a "blind date" with Profile B.

While customers will not be permitted to access the database directly, they should be able to retrieve the following information for each of their profiles:

* A profile's pending dates
* A profile's past dates
* A profile's favorites list (based on "likes")
* Search for profiles based on physical characteristics, location, etc.
* Most active profiles
* Most highly rated profiles
* Popular geo-date locations
* Personalized date suggestion list

## Customer-Representative-Level Transactions
1. Record a date
2. Add, Edit and Delete information for a customer
3. Produce customer mailing lists
4. Produce a list of profiles as date suggestions for a given profile (based on that profile's past dates)

## Manager-Level Transactions
1. Add, Edit and Delete information for an employee
2. Obtain a sales report for a particular month
3. Produce a comprehensive listing of all users
4. Produce a list of dates by calendar date or by customer name
5. Produce a summary listing of revenue generated by dates on a particular calendar date or involving a particular customer
6. Determine which customer representative generated most total revenue
7. Determine which customer generated most total revenue
8. Produce a list of most active customers
9. Produce a list of all customers who have dated a particular customer
10. Produce a list of the highest-rated customers
11. Produce a list of the highest-rated calendar dates to have a date on

## Developers
Collaborates with
* Wei Cai
* Xu Wu

## Award
This project won CSE 305 Course Project Competition with award certificates given by [Prof. Scott Smolka](http://www3.cs.stonybrook.edu/~sas/)
  
## Connection
For testing change src/rendezvous/Login.java, src/rendezvous/MainConnector.java and src/staff/StaffLogin.java connection infomation to yours.
  
#### For other information visit [http://www3.cs.stonybrook.edu/~sas/courses/cse305/spr18/project/main.html](http://www3.cs.stonybrook.edu/~sas/courses/cse305/spr18/project/main.html)
